batches: display rollout windows configuration in user settings (#50479)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Login form can now be configured with ordering and limit of auth providers. [See docs](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/auth/login_form). [#50586](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50586), [50284](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50284) and [#50705](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50705)
- When creating a new batch change, spaces are automatically replaced with dashes in the name field. [#50825](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50825) and [51071](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/51071)
- Support for custom HTML injection behind an environment variable (`ENABLE_INJECT_HTML`). This allows users to enable or disable HTML customization as needed, which is now disabled by default. [#51400](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/51400)

> - Batches: Rollout configuration is now accessible to all users via the Batch Changes settings page. [#50479](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50479)

Reviewer: Maybe just to tweak this a bit:

```suggestion
- When an admin has configured rollout windows for Batch Changes changesets, the configuration details are now visible to all users on the Batch Changes settings page. [#50479](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50479)
```
